c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\obj\Debug\DNOAClient.csproj.App.config
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DNOAClient.dll.config
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DNOAClient.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DNOAClient.pdb
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Mono.Math.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\Mono.Math.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\obj\Debug\DNOAClient.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DNOAClient\DNOAClient\obj\Debug\DNOAClient.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DNOAClient.dll.config
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DNOAClient.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DNOAClient.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\obj\Debug\DNOAClient.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\obj\Debug\DNOAClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\obj\Debug\DNOAClient.dll
C:\Users\Jorge.Alvarado\Documents\Github\dotnetopenauthclient\DNOAClient\obj\Debug\DNOAClient.pdb
